\chapter{Introduction}
We are currently living in an Age of Information, where people all around the
world, can use the internet in order to acquire insightful news and information
regarding any topic whenever they want. While this easy access to information is
a clear benefit, the amount vast amount of information dictates that each
users can only be expected to acquire a miniscule subset of the available
knowledge.\\
The limits of each user's ability to acquire information, puts a focus on the
informational sources they engage with. In regards to where people choose to
acquire this information. As of August 2017, upwards of 67\% of adults in the
United States report that they use social media as their main source of news
information\citep{journalism2017}. Theoretically, this would not be a problem,
as users could use the reach of social media to engage with information and
news from many different sources. But in reality, users tend to surround
themselves with likeminded people, who in turn are prone to share information
that correlate with their own opinions and biases.\nl

This phenomenon is known as the ``Filter Bubble", which is a term coined by Eli
Pariser in his 2007 book ``The Filter Bubble"\citep{pariser2011filter}. This
Bubble refers to the effect of either selectively choosing information sources
based on personal bias, or actual algorithms encoded in the social media sites
or search engines, which aim to present the user with the information which is
most likely to be regarded positively. The existence and enforcement of this
bubble can cause problems, in which users are prevented from being exposed to
information or views that are opposed to the bubble in which they find
themselves.\nl

While this problem is most notable on social media sites, where users actively
surround themselves with likeminded people, the approach where sites selectively
choose what information to present is omnipresent, and even applies to large
search engines like Google\citep{filterBubbleDef}. In an interview with Eli
Pariser, he named one of the notable cases of Google filtering information based
on the user's preferences. In this example, two users would make a google search
with the term ``Egypt'', and end up with two widely different set of results.
While one user was presented with information about ongoing militaristic
conflicts, the other user was presented with travel guides and hotel booking
information\citep{nusSduSearch}.
